new game started. black screen. voiceover:

"I like to focus on the sensation. It's quite a tremendous thing, how you can just snuff it out. It feels like, I don't know, like being at a beautiful beach with the birds and the sea. That's how it feels like, I focus on that."

text on screen:

"WE WILL MEET AT THE BUS STATION"

the text appears on a black background. it prompts with a simple sound effect, like a very low quality snare or the kicking of a metal trash lid.

graphics pop in. we are in third person, from sven's right shoulder, god of war 2018 style, with sven on the left. sven is wearing a simple dark blue hoodie and gray pants, not ideal for a first date, but go figure. the player is able to walk around the house. a "mission prompt" appears after a while at the right of the screen:

"Calm down. Leave the house when you're ready."

when the player is close to an interactable element, an indicator "E" will appear near it. the house will most likely be a ready model pulled from the internet, yet here are certain details that might perhaps be added by the developer:

• a table phone, interactable. when interacted, a voicemail plays, older female:

"Hey Sven. I called but you didn't pick up, I guess you're sleeping again. Um, your father sent you some money... it's the 20th right? Yeah. So yeah if you ever need extra cash just call, you can call the house too Johan will probably pick up, I sent Erika home for a few days. So yeah you can tell your father or you can just call his cell. Anyway he also told me that, I know you don't really wanna hear this, but he wants to talk about maybe you coming into the company one day? Like, we really think you'd fit in there, and Karl is retiring soon so maybe you'll take his position, um, the CFO, you know. But, you know *sigh* you know best, I guess. Um, yeah, just call if you ever need anything. Byeee"

• a newspaper clip. two homeless people killed in three days, first an older man, then a beggar girl. stabbed to death, both.

• a massive television and a couch in a mostly empty room with no rugs.

when the player leaves the house through the front door, he steps out onto a street. late evening, about eight thirty, cars whizzing by every 6-7 seconds, slight rain, people walking around. no mission prompts immediately, but after about 8 seconds:

"Walk to the bus station."

the bus stop is indicated with a distant white point. it's to the left of the player, back turned to the house. it should be about a two minute walk. the player can walk in another direction, yet it is forbidden somehow, likely not with roadblocks but actual invisible mechanics justified by some text, such as "You're late. She's waiting.". in the middle of the walk, with no warning, a prompt appears, with the same metal-y sound effect in the same way, with the screen blacking out entirely.

"CALM DOWN. IT'S A NORMAL DATE."

the prompt lasts for 2 seconds, then back to gameplay as if nothing happened.

[END OF SCREENPLAY FOR NOW, LET'S IMPLEMENT SO FAR. IT IS ABOUT HALFWAY THERE.]